disqualified his brother Luis Antonio
noboa will preside over one of the lists that
third intervention of June to govern
the destinies of the person by the
next four years having the doctor
tapestry Rodriguez and houses as his
formula partner for
vice president this trend
trust that they will get a backup
Roller normally already enrolled
legally written I want to thank
each and every one of the partners fans
that have called me to join this
group of new leaders that is going to
direct since June 11 the
destinations the next 44 years destiny of
people because some observations of
a none none were all
very normal quiet so things
They came as such should have been the
beginning so we're happy
because things have gone well
they decided a
but that's going to come next we're going to
do it let's have
together with our legacy the
Necessary orders for us to have
some democratic elections and that
win more than all barceló in this case
only two modifications two
modifications everything was fine as well
which are the stabilizer meanwhile
the marginalized aspirant for this
engineer luis noboa god group with
surprise that they get it
seasonal sent by a good us
we support 100 my brother we have a
new list due to irregularities
what did the lawyer Carlos
neck interpreting an article in the
constitution when he is not in
right to do it if he wants a
interpretation that the pgje to the court
constitutional or someone who knows that
is again in functions for
interpret these articles as well
the lawyer carlos pollo martínez
head the electoral court that
supported the constitution
with the part with impartiality
absolute which means the exact reading
of the statutes to Mr. Novo make him
he challenged the fact of being expelled
of the challenged the fact of having sued
the club was challenged the fact of having
be legislators however that affection
only the negative condition of being
legislators that's why the other
two candidacies that were challenged
by the fact of being expelled at
check that they were in the statute
that had been rehabilitated by the
assemblies in those appealed instead
I will not appeal to the social audi to the
common justice were in the pattern and
they had the right to make candidates
barcelona- and a ceasefire that I hope
do not be momentary because the club
votes
both inside and outside